hey guys we should go on a street sue
here and this is spur Gohan six four
five whatever your name is he this is to
explain to you how exactly
Naruto killed tsunami all right you said
that Naruto wasn't the show that killed
tsunami it was Stewart Snider not really
no he Stuart Snider became president in
2007 so they were still showing you Nami
in 2007 in May of 2007 if you want to
get specific so they were showing it in
May of 2007 and it ended in when like
September of 2008 he's like this is this
is to explain to you how not Naruto's
stole all of uses up you even said right
there nor took if Nora took kill to Nami
why is Naruto still showing even if
tsunami ended because it's getting all
the views why do you think one by one
one piece came off mayor came off Prince
of tennis came off they barely aired
Prince of tennis that was a really good
anime I would have loved to see them
have kept that that was a really good
anime but stupid Naruto
took all the views and so they had to
take it off they barely aired in season
of that show barely heir to season I
think mayor air like a season 2 cart I
think her car and ago was like besides
one piece it was like the second to last
anime to go they also took off
buh-buh-buh I don't think they finished
that and it's all because of Naruto and
how you're not getting this because I've
had to explain it like a bunch of times
previously but I mean when the rebored
else you said yeah sach bet he canceled
all the good show like zatch bell in one
piece he did that yeah and he did not
it did not do that to Naruto because
Naruto was the only show getting views
zatch bell and like people turned on the
TV to watch Naruto
once Naruto ended they go oh it's one
piece I'm gonna watch one piece click
turn off the TV
Naruto is getting all the views that's
for some reason you're not understanding
why do you think was the only show that
they didn't even finish Naruto I don't
know why they didn't even finish
narrative is still getting views but I
guess they were just sick and tired of
it but it took all the views from all
the other shows I don't know how many
times I'm gonna have to say this and how
many different ways I'm gonna have to
say this for you to understand I get my
information from the internet you just
start talking and start acting like as
if you actually know something because
you're saying you're because the stuff
they're saying is information that I've
been hearing around a bunch of people
everywhere
it's just recycled information that's
not the truth Stewart you don't notice
too you know Stewart spiders you know if
you like your your distant cousin or
something do you do do you know exactly
what's going through his brain know do
you do you know if he hates a tsunami no
do you know if he hates anime no you
don't know anything okay dude you don't
know about you don't know what really
cancelled tsunami
Naruto did because it took the views
from everything why do you think they
took off all the shows and had to resort
to fucking putting on chop-socky
hooks and it just the regular the
regular shows for Cartoon Network they
had to start putting those shows on
tsunami because there was nothing left
to show so you know what they did you
know why they canceled they finally
cancelled tsunami because Naruto was the
only thing that was they were showing it
there was the only thing getting views
what's the point of keeping something if
you only could have one show on it that
makes no sense that's why they had to
cancel tsunami you keep coming up with
all this crap but it's just proving my
point you're saying why do you think
Naruto was the only show left because it
was the only thing on Toonami getting
news how many times am I gonna have to
save this ticket finally in your thick
skull Naruto killed tsunami that's why I
don't want
Shippuden on tsunami because it will
just kill it again so for the final time
Naruto killed tsunami okay okay I think
we finally got this out of the way
alright alright
now I'm gonna continue on with the rest
of my day you do the same with yours
have a nice day